language
shitposting
cloud
train
tranny
transgender
rogerio
salem
dickhead
morgana
avocado
suicide
gugu
robery
gamble
harry potter
murder
blackmetal
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
It wasn't so awful that it deserved less than 3 stars, but to say I'm disappointed is an understatement.
It's not often that a creative team adds something to the Batman mythos that sticks. The Court of Owls shaped the Bat-Family for several years. The idea of Batman discovering a secret society that has been pulling Gotham's strings for hundreds of years is very cool. I loved the thing with the 13th stories. The best part of the book is still Batman wondering through the labyrinth. The art getting trippier with each page as Batman hallucinates while having to turn the book as if the reader is walking through the maze as well. Capullo's art overall is pretty fantastic even if he sometimes draws Batman a little too barrel-chested, sometime to the point of looking like he's ate too much to fit into the suit.
RAWR UWU XD OWO MEOW Owo NYA uwU NEKO OwU-CHAN TeeHee UwU UwO Ehe~ Kawaii ~~
Please put an NSFW tag on this. I was on the train and when I saw this I had to start furiously masterbating. Everyone else gave me strange looks and were saying things like “what the fuck” and “call the police”. I dropped my phone and everyone around me saw this image. Now there is a whole train of men masterbating together at this one image. This is all your fault, you could have prevented this if you had just tagged this post NSFW.
It's been almost 2 hours without Wuthering Waves. I can’t stop shaking and I’m having a severe mental breakdown. I went to announcements to check for a new update but there wasn't any, I had a major panic attack but managed to calm down after a few hours. I couldn’t go to school today, fearing that the maintenance would end when I am at school. I am nothing without Wuthering Waves, it is my life, it is my destiny, without Withering Waves, I wouldn't be able to do anything. Wuthering Waves is the best thing ever made and I can't get rid of my addiction to it, it is the best game in existence . I can't stop trembling and crying, I am very worried. Wuthering Waves can't be gone for any longer cause if it does then I'll go insane again... breaking my mouse, chair, house and everything I own. Wuthering Waves is very amazing and I can't lose it.

It's been almost 2 hours without Wuthering Waves. I can’t stop shaking and I’m having a severe mental breakdown. I went to announcements to check for a new update but there wasn't any, I had a major panic attack but managed to calm down after a few hours. I couldn’t go to school today, fearing that the maintenance would end when I am at school. I am nothing without Wuthering Waves, it is my life, it is my destiny, without Withering Waves, I wouldn't be able to do anything. Wuthering Waves is the best thing ever made and I can't get rid of my addiction to it, it is the best game in existence . I can't stop trembling and crying, I am very worried. Wuthering Waves can't be gone for any longer cause if it does then I'll go insane again... breaking my mouse, chair, house and everything I own. Wuthering Waves is very amazing and I can't lose it.
Have you heard of the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV? With an expanded free trial which you can play through the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award winning Heavensward expansion up to level 60 for free with no restrictions on playtime

